Are interest rates too high or too low in your country?
What is the most annoying thing about babies?
What does your brain do that you hate?
What do you remember about the Space Shuttle accidents?
Bill Gates has billions of dollars. Many people in New Orleans live below the poverty line. Is that capitalism?
What are some problems with corruption in the political system of your country?
What do you think of men who are going bald and comb their hair over their head
What problems do disabled people in poorer countries face?
Were you a problem for your parents during your adolescence?
Do you think eating should always be a social occasion?
Is adolescence viewed as a difficult time for children / young adults in your country?
Do you have any really crazy and wild ambitions?
Do you think each government should have a minister/secretary for human rights?
How has the digital revolution changed your life?
Do you think it'sright that gossip columnists can make a lot of money writing bad things about people that may not be true?
Do you prefer spending time with your family or friends?
Were you an early or late developer?
Do you feel like a revolution is happening around you?
What dangers might you find on the beach?
People say cannabis leads to harder drugs. What do you think?
How often are there major rail accidents in your country?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
What is the effect of economics on society?
If capitalism is so great, why are there many people living below the poverty line in capitalist countries?
Was there a high standard of education at your schools?
Is it easy to start a business in your country?
Do you think it'spossible to ignore globalization?
Is adolescence generally regarded as a good or happy time?
What kind of challenge would you like to try?
Some people think that facing challenges improves a person. Do you agree or disagree?
Do you think you are easily persuaded to buy things after seeing or hearing an ad?
What do you think of the ads in other countries?
Do you think everyone in the world will one day have the same human rights?
What are the advantages of being bald?
Do the couple have to be married for adultery to take place?
What's the best way to stop a baby from crying?
Do you think the quality of education is slipping?
Would you prefer to go on a two-week luxury cruise or go backpacking for six months?
What punishment should the adulterer and his / her lover receive?
When does education begin?
Do you agree that you can never be too old to start something new?
If you had a consultation with an astrologist, what would you want to know?
What would the world be like without families?
Do you think advertising is a clever way of lying about products?
Which would be worse for you, an allergy to milk, alcohol or animals?
Some countries execute drug traffickers. What do you think about this?
What do you think are the world's three greatest cities and why?
Do you prefer advertisements on TV, in newspapers, on the radio, on the Internet or in the street?
Do you stay in touch with all of the friends you have made  made?
Does your government provide enough education on the effects of global warming?
Do you think that we will still live in cities 100 years from now?
Would you ever go or pay to see an astrologist?
What is the biggest change most people experience in their lives?
Do you worry about where the food you eat comes from?
What would life be like if you suddenly became allergic to your favorite food?
Many young children are now using addictive drugs. What do you think about this?
Do you ever have too much energy in your body?
Do you know people who have bundles of energy?
What changes would you like to see in the way banks operate?
What world beach would you like to go to and why?
Does thinking require a lot of energy?
Do we learn to be competitive or are we born competitive?
What's the biggest accident you have made  ever had?
Are people in your country discriminated against because of the way they talk?
“The only thing constant is change.Do you agree with this statement? Explain.
Do you like being the age at which you now are?
Are the drinking and driving laws in your country too strict?
What happens after you die?
What health problems do you worry about most?
Do you think the Internet will make books disappear?
Do you always try to help people who are disabled?
What adverts have you seen or heard that you particularly liked?
Could you trust your partner again if they had cheated on you?
Are you jealous of any of your family members?
Do you think there is religious discrimination in the war on terror?
Would you consider buying gold as an investment instead of things like shares or property?
Do you think a government is essential in a democracy?
Do you think advertising is an art?
Do you think backpacking is done only by those with little money?
Do you agree that many hands make light work?
Why do people bully each other?
Do you ever have to wait a long time in the bank to get served?
Do people who always talk about money and finance bore you?
What do you think of the concept of a global village?
How does being adopted affect a child’s view of themselves?
Do you believe there is any link between the position of the stars when you were born and your fate?
Would you like to work as an anti-narcotics police officer?
What do you do when you see discrimination?
Are you satisfied you get to spend enough time with your doctor when you visit?
At which stages of life is it easier to make friends?
What are some buildings around where you live that you like?
What are the biggest changes in the world you have seen since you were a child?
What are some of the reasons people give children up for adoption?
Do you think scientists should be allowed to clone people?
How has globalization affected your life?
What kinds of social problems does alcohol cause in your country?
When you get angry, do you stay angry for a long time?
What are the dangers of having your own business?
Is it possible for everyone to change their lifestyle to help the Earth?
What can governments do to deal with overpopulation?
Is dating another person adultery or do you have to have sex?
Is change good or bad for a person’s mental health?
What do you think are the worst aspects of being a doctor?
Do you think you’d be a tough person to work for?
Do you think humans will ever completely understand the brain? Why or why not?
What punishment do you think drug barons should get?
Is consumerism spoiling our culture?
What do you think of people who drink too much beer?
Why is hospital food so bad?
Which areas of inequality make you angriest?
Are you interested in reading news about the financial world?
What do you think of bank charges?
Which is worse - cannabis or alcohol?
Do men or women make more successful business people?
What are the alternatives to governments?
Is pure freedom of speech is undesirable in today’s world?
Is enough attention given to conservation in your country’s schools and media?
What part does alcohol play in the culture of your country?
What damage do cities do to the countryside?
What do you think Mark Twain meant when he said, “never let school interfere with your education”?
How are your energy levels right now?
Are you accident prone?
Do you always believe what your doctor says or do you sometimes doubt him / her?
Have you ever stayed at a backpackers' or similar budget accommodation?
How would you describe the taste of beer?
What revolution will come after the digital revolution?
When did you think you were no longer a child?
Do you think there is a world government that is not corrupt?
What would you do if you discovered your partner had been unfaithful just once – five years ago?
Would you ever shave your head?
Are there any rules in your country about eating in public?
Are history books in your country censored to hide your nation’s historical wrongdoing?
Do you think scientists will one day be able to make totally earthquake-proof buildings and cities?
Do you have any interest in talking to a personal financial advisor?
Do you think there’ll be another major nuclear accident?
Do politician and the rich and famous have more rights than we do?
Why do you think people live in areas that have lots earthquakes?
What do you do when you see inequality in front to you?
Do you think there are enough doctors in your town?
Have you ever tried to change details on your employment contract?
Is underpopulation a problem?
What advice would you give to someone who is bullied (a) online and (b) physically or emotionally?
How are city people and country people different?
If you were a doctor, which area would you like to specialize in?
In the USA, you cannot drink alcohol on the street. What are the laws regarding drinking in public in your country?
What do you think about most?
What advice would you give to today’s adolescents?
Are men more competitive than women?
Do you think babies have a good time?
How do you express your feelings by putting your hands on different parts of your body?
What do you think of very drunk people?
Do you think economics is a good subject to study?
What do you think of the idea of genetically engineering new bodily organs to replace yours when you are old?
Is there a way to escape the culture of consumerism?
Do you think male and female brains are better at different tasks? Why or why not?
Are there any jobs you would refuse to do, regardless of the pay?
Do you think young people care enough about their employment prospects?
Would you prefer to work in local or national government?
Some people say children who don't like taking a bath are allergic to soap. Do you have a similar belief in your country?
Would you include your own name in your business name?
How would the world be different if all human rights were respected?
What would you like the stars to hold for you?
What problems do people with disabilities face in your country?
Would you fight or riot to protect your liberty?
How do you think cities will change in the future?
Think about how your Grandmother talks with people. Is it the same as how you talk to people?
How does being in nature make you feel? Why?
Do you believe that changing your spending habits can make a big difference in your life?
What kind of music do you think is good to dance to?
What can we do about dirty or polluted beaches?
Could globalization have happened without the Internet?
What do you think of the expression “he / she was an accident”, meaning his / her parents didn't plan on having him / her?
How do you think people disabled in accidents come to terms with their new disability?
Are there any telltale signs your partner might veer off the path?
Why don't governments make all forms of gambling illegal?
Do you spend too much time and energy sorting out your finances?
When was the last time you were so hungry that you felt you could eat a horse?
Are you always a picture of health when you wake up in the morning?
What is the biggest environmental problem? Why do you think so?
Do you prefer dancing alone or with other people?
Should you be free to tell an enemy your country’s national secrets?
Which other star signs are you compatible with?
Alcohol is forbidden in Islam. Is this good?
What do you wish your brain was better at?
How can you quickly change your energy level?
Does everyone have equal job opportunities in your country?
What do you think of the idea of all education being online?
Are bank workers always helpful?
Would you like to relive your adolescence?
What most concerns you about global warming?
Thomas Carlyle said: “I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom.” What do you think he means by this? Do you agree?
Why do people commit adultery?
What kinds of decisions do executives have to make regarding finance?
If you could go back in time and give yourself some advice, what would you be?
Elizabeth Kenny said: “He who angers you conquers you.” What do you think she means by this? Do you agree?
Is it necessary to censor nudity on television and in movies?
What happens when you bottle up your anger?
Does ageism exist in your country?
Did you worry about whether or not other people liked you?
Do you think adultery should be a criminal offence?
Do you think companies should offer employees lifetime employment?
What fears do you have for the future?
What time of the day do you most enjoy eating?
How have smart phones changed communication?
Are you good at saving and sticking to budgets?
Are giant, multinational corporations good for the world?
What misunderstandings do people have about disability?
How do you think you will change in the future?
What are the health risks associated with your lifestyle and environment?
What would your first step be if you were head of your government?
Should people be free to spread hatred, incite violence and ridicule others’ religions and nations?
What is the most positive change you have experienced in your life?
Is aging more difficult for men or women? Why?
Are there any age groups you currently don't like?
What do you think censors are more afraid of: print, songs, movies or the Internet?
Some people are allergic to the twenty-first century. What do you think this means?
When do you need your family most?
Which part of our character makes so many of us interested in gambling?
Are older people actually wiser?
Have you ever worked somewhere that had bad employment conditions?
Where do you think the world's best doctors are?
Will artificial intelligence ever be more intelligent than humans?
What kind of day do you think a doctor has?
Are you interested in the world of business?
Do you tend to think that disabled people always need your help?
Thomas Jefferson said: “Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.” Do you agree?
What is the worst age to be and why?
Do you think all people in the world are equal and everyone deserves the same rights?
From what age can people drink beer in your country?
What are the bad things about banks?
Do people in your country talk a lot about other people’s appearance?
Does your country have a holiday when it is traditional to help out people in your community? If not, should there be a holiday like that?
What's the angriest you have made  ever been?
In what way is education a competition in your country?
What are the biggest personal finance decisions you’ll have to make?
What do you think it feels like to fulfill a lifelong ambition?
Do you think your grandchildren will be happy with our attempts at conservation?
Would you include your own name in your business name?
What do you think of the idea of private beaches?
Is enough attention given to conservation in your country’s schools and media?
What part does alcohol play in the culture of your country?
What damage do cities do to the countryside?
What do you think Mark Twain meant when he said, “never let school interfere with your education”?
How are your energy levels right now?
Are you accident prone?
Do you always believe what your doctor says or do you sometimes doubt him / her?
Have you ever stayed at a backpackers' or similar budget accommodation?
How would you describe the taste of beer?
Is there religious liberty in your country?
What revolution will come after the digital revolution?
When did you think you were no longer a child?
Do you think there is a world government that is not corrupt?
What would you do if you discovered your partner had been unfaithful just once – five years ago?
What do you like and dislike about the capital city of your country?
Think of some tragic events that happened. Do you remember what you were you doing when you found out about them?
Have you ever made an insurance claim for an accident?
Have you ever been intimidated by someone’s appearance?
Do you think hospitals are unhealthy places?
Which do you prefer, baby boys or baby girls?
How do you think global warming will change the world over the next century?
What problems did you have in your adolescence?
Is there discrimination in your school / company?
What new hobbies will you take up in your old age?
What do you think the job of being an English teacher is like?
Do you think hunting is a sport?
Do you think victims’ families get a sense of closure knowing a killer has been executed?
Many people around the world use ‘designer’ drugs, such as ecstasy, or recreational drugs, such as cannabis. Do you think this is OK?
How will global warming change our lives?
Do you worry about using your credit card to buy things online?
What would the world be like if there was no censorship at all?
Do you think it'spossible that lazy people are allergic to work?
Should the death penalty be applied to mentally disabled people?
Is it easy for you to control and hide your anger?
Do you ever think your country’s leaders or sports teams are a joke?
Do people in your country put dangerous things in food on supermarket shelves?
Marcus Aurelius said: “A man's worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions.” Do you agree?
Our world economy is based on consumerism. Will consumerism always be predominant?
Do you think you should be able to sue a cheating partner on the grounds of breach of marriage contract?
Do you think people with food allergies feel deprived?
Do you give money to homeless people? Do you think people should give money to homeless people?
Should pets be allowed on the beach?
If you could only have one book for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
Would you prefer to die suddenly or over a few months?
Have you ever had your employment terminated?
What physiological and psychological changes take place during adolescence?
What regulations should be applied to adverts to protect consumers?
Should genetic engineering go ahead to eliminate human flaws, such as violence, jealousy, hate, etc.?
Do you think globalization will make us all the same in the future?
What are the biggest causes of death in your country and how can these be reversed?
What do you think of the fact that much of Earth’s biodiversity has already been lost?
Which political party in your country is most likely to make big changes? Is that a good or bad thing?
Do you spend a long time browsing in bookshops?
What kind of support should children give their aging parents?
Should rich people and corporations be forced to give to charity?
How do you think baldness affects people?
Which celebrities have aged well?
What personal finance decisions have you had to make recently?
Did you suffer from spots and acne?
Do you ever read the last page before you start reading a book?
Thomas Merton said: “When ambition ends, happiness begins.” What do you think he means by this? Do you agree?
Who on Earth angers you most?
Do you like looking at other people getting angry?
What happens to the less intelligent or able under capitalism?
Do you think there are more consumerist women than men? Why?
Can bars serve alcohol 24 hours a day in your country?
You can make one change to your country’s capital city, what will you change?
Do you know more about global warming than younger/older people?
Do you prefer fiction or non-fiction?
What are the biggest economic problems in your country?
How many people do you know who are enjoying their old age?
What kind of people are good at business?
How would you explain to someone who doesn't know what global warming is?
Did you rebel against your parents or teachers?
Do you think being a professional dancer would be a good job?
What do you least like (like most
Would you like to live 100 years in the future or the past? Why?
Why is there so much corruption in many governments?
How can you learn to be more competitive?
Do you agree with an advertising ban on cigarettes?
There is much talk recently of increased social problems due to family breakdown. Is this true in your country?
Is the issue of healthy eating important to you?
How big a threat to the planet is overpopulation?
How often do you start up a conversation with people you don't know?
Do you think you have already experienced the effects of global warming?
Was bullying a big problem at your school?
Will people ever have artificial intelligence as part of their brains?
Do you do anything to protect endangered species?
What are the biggest problems with living in cities?
Do you think economic aid and economic sanctions work?
How do you think the digital revolution will change our lives from now?
How is artificial intelligence helping us today?
What do you think of the idea of E-books?
Do you like cities or the country side? Which is better and why?
How does alcohol change your behavior, personality and face?
What examples can you think of to show that our world is the most unequal place imaginable?
Do you think farming offers a good quality of life?
Are there times when jokes are bad and should not be told?
How would you feel if all the pandas died and became extinct?
Do you think there are charities that are scams?
What do you hope for your own future?
What kind of criminal activities are associated with gambling?
What kind of business would you like to start?
What are the differences between commercial, investment and merchant banks?
Do you think it would be harder to live with a physical disability or an intellectual disability?
What do you think of the argument “an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth”?
Is driving high on cannabis as dangerous as drunk driving?
Are there any aspects of the digital revolution you don't like?
Do you think you have a good head for business?
Do you think globalization could end in a world with just one giant country?
tell your younger self?
What would you do if you suddenly had extreme allergic reactions to your pet / partner / best friend?
Some countries forbid school teachers from introducing subjects like homosexuality in their classes. Is this denying free speech?
Will the problems get worse or will they slowly disappear?
Do you get on well with all of your family members?
Do you read any business magazines?
Is it worse for the adulterer to be a man or a woman?
Who does overpopulation affect most?
Are teenagers and children becoming consumerists earlier?
Have you ever run into an old friend by accident?
Would you like to be a doctor?
What do you think of your country’s (modern/traditional) architecture?
Are there strong laws in your country to prevent the use of drugs?
Do you worry about hair loss, thinning hair or grey hair?
Are the problems of overpopulation different in the developed and developing worlds?
Do you think all countries are taking global warming seriously?
Are the hospitals in your country good?
How often do you want the story in a book to never end?
Challenges don't have to be amazing. What are some normal challenges people face?
What should people do on the International Day of Persons with Disabilities?
Do you think drugs lead people into crime?
What are the dangers of having your own business?
What would the world be like if everyone had access to a good education?
What do you think… / What is… life like for hay fever sufferers?
Does the place you are in affect your energy levels?
What are the most popular forms of alcohol in your country?
Do you have any heroes that have done something amazing?
Do you think corruption will always be a part of business and politics?
If you were bald, would you consider a hair transplant?
Are your childhood friends those you have strongest bonds with?
Do drivers in your country drive as if they are in a competition?
What kind of music do you think babies like?
In which countries would you most and least like to go backpacking?
How can we reverse the effects of deforestation and desertification?
What does "the power of nature" mean? How powerful is nature?
Do you know anyone who is allergic to opening his / her wallet?
Have you ever seen a very bad accident?
Why don't all countries insist on total equality in their societies?
What's the difference between astrology and astronomy?
Do you think criminals can change?
What different types of bullying are there?
Do you think someone is a better person after they have been through a challenge?
Are extra-marital affairs common in your society?
Do any of your family or friends have allergies?
 How do you believe technology will reshape the future of human relationships?
2. In what ways do you think cultural traditions can adapt to the fast-paced modern world?
3. What ethical dilemmas arise from advancements in artificial intelligence and biotechnology?
4. How do you interpret the concept of success in today's society?
5. In your opinion, what role does art play in societal change?
6. How can individuals balance personal ambition with social responsibility?
7. What are the implications of globalization on local cultures and economies?
8. How has your perspective on failure changed over time?
9. What do you think are the most significant challenges facing the environment today?
10. In what ways can literature influence our understanding of different cultures?
11. How important do you think emotional intelligence is in leadership?
12. What impact do you believe social media has on our perception of reality?
13. How can mindfulness and mental health awareness contribute to workplace productivity?
14. In your view, what responsibilities do wealthy nations have towards developing countries?
15. How do you see the relationship between science and spirituality evolving in the future?
- How do you believe technology has changed our perception of reality?
- In what ways can art influence societal change?
- What role does cultural identity play in shaping an individual's worldview?
- How can we balance personal freedom with the responsibility we have towards our community?
- What are the potential consequences of human behavior on climate change?
- In your opinion, is it more important to focus on economic growth or sustainable development? Why?
- How do personal biases affect our decision-making processes?
- What are the ethical implications of artificial intelligence in our daily lives?
- How do you think globalization is impacting local cultures?
- In what ways can literature serve as a mirror to society?
- What are the challenges of maintaining work-life balance in today's fast-paced world?
- How do you interpret the concept of "success" in the contemporary world?
- What impact does social media have on our mental health and relationships?
- How can individuals effectively contribute to resolving global issues?
- What do you think is the future of education in an increasingly digital world?
- How do you believe technology has reshaped human interactions over the past decade?
- Can you describe a time when you had to make a difficult ethical decision? What factors did you consider?
- In your opinion, what role does art play in society?
- How would you define success, and do you think it varies from person to person?
- What are the potential advantages and disadvantages of globalization on local cultures?
- How do you think climate change will impact future generations?
- Can you discuss a book or film that profoundly changed your perspective on a particular issue?
- What qualities do you think are essential for effective leadership in today's world?
- How does your cultural background influence your worldview and decision-making process?
- What are the most significant challenges you see facing your community today?
- How do you think the notion of privacy has evolved in the digital age?
- In what ways can education be reformed to better prepare students for the future?
- What role does emotional intelligence play in personal and professional relationships?
- Can you share your thoughts on the impact of artificial intelligence on the workforce?
- How do you believe travel influences personal growth and understanding of different cultures?
- How do you believe advancements in technology are reshaping human relationships?
- In your opinion, what are the most significant ethical dilemmas we face in the modern world?
- How do cultural narratives influence our perception of success and failure?
- If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be and what question would you ask them?
- How do you think art and literature reflect societal values and challenges?
- What role does empathy play in resolving conflicts in both personal and global contexts?
- How can exposure to different cultures enhance our understanding of global issues?
- In what ways do you think social media has altered our perception of reality?
- How do you define personal growth, and what steps do you take to achieve it?
- How can the concepts of resilience and adaptability contribute to success in a rapidly changing job market?
- What are the implications of artificial intelligence for the future of education?
- How do you perceive the relationship between mental health and societal expectations?
- What lessons can be learned from failures, both personally and professionally?
- In what ways do you think globalization impacts local traditions and practices?
- How important do you think it is to engage in discussions about controversial topics, and why? 